The Indyme CB440 is a customer service call button in use by retail stores such as Lowe's and Canadian Tire. Call button is pressed, AM270 OOK signal on 303.875 MHz is sent, PA system requests personnel to department. Call can be canceled by pressing the other button, otherwise the PA repeats the request a few times, adding an additional chime.

Unit is programmed by removing the JP2 jumper and holding the cancel / reset button for 5 seconds. First, hundreds are entered by pressing the main button once per hundred, just reset for numbers under 100, then tens, then reset, then ones, then reset. It will blink back the code using long and short flashes for zeros and ones. For example, to program call 302, hold reset for 5 seconds until it blinks, press the main button 3x, press reset, press reset again (for no tens), press main button twice, and press reset. It should blink short-short-short-(pause)-long-(pause)-short-short. Unit will still function normally without the JP2 jumper installed, which means that units can be negligently or intentionally deployed in a programmable state.

Idea: rather than exhaustively mapping all 999 calls (and maybe 999 cancellation calls if I get really motivated), I'm taking a bunch of samples with Flipper Zero, as .sub files, and hopefully getting Claude to write a .sub generator for all 999 codes, and/or cancellations. I'm only using the free version of Claude, so it looks like even with 50+ samples, it's still going to use up all my tokens for days, or maybe never work. Meanwhile, if I get bored, I'll take more samples and add them to the repository.

Update: it says it can write a python script if I give it the rest of the first 100 samples.
